Line 41 identifies the movement of supplies
from the primary storage areas
to the secondary distribution points.
In other words, is what logistics buying being used
for patient care.
Inventory managers or designated staff play a large role
in ensuring items are purchased, stored correctly
and replenished as needed.
Supply technicians and item managers or designated staff
play a vital role in scanning and delivering items
to the secondary areas.
In other words, all are the gatekeepers
of proper supply distribution.
Lines 46 through 50 state that staff conduct
wall to wall inventories
to ensure proper inventory management processes.